---
layout: post
title:  "2. The Young Man"
date:   2015-10-20
comments: false
categories: 'Omnitia'


---

"You're in my house, in Thalme I might add." Came the answer to the
question Michelangelo hadn't had the chance to ask. A young man was now
standing in the doorway with a tub of steaming water in his hands and
clean rags hung over his shoulder. He sat down the tub of water near the
foot of the bed and opened up the window to let in the warm summer
breeze. "Also, your clothes have been cleaned, you might thank me for
that."

Michelangelo stared blankly at the pale face in front of him, a face
that seemed to pay him no attention even when looking right at him. The
man conducted his every movement with all the flourish and precision of
a stage performance. If he was perturbed by having a battered guest in
his home it certainly didn't show. Michelangelo opened his mouth to
speak, but was quickly cut off.

"Speaking of," the man paused to wring out a white rag over the tub,
"speaking, speaking, speaking of, those clothes are quite unusual. I've
never seen any like them, and I have seen quite a few unusual garb in my
day."

Michelangelo glanced again over at the clothes on the rack. When he saw
his boxers he immediately remembered he was naked. He shot the man a
look and quickly pulled a sheet back over himself, his face growing hot.

"I-I," Michelangelo paused, trying to gather his thoughts, "I don't what
you're talking about." The pale young-man just stared blankly at him.
"Uh, I mean how did I get here? Why am I all," Michel trailed off and
looked down at the floor. "Did you kidnap me? Is that what this is,
because my parents don't have very much money, and I'm not very strong,
and if you did I wouldn't tell if you just let me go. I don't want to,
um-um, please don't kill me." Michel gathered the covers up closer
around himself, trying to hide himself from the whole situation.

The young man blinked and took a step back, his demeanor only half as
sure as it was before. He opened his mouth to say something but only
managed to mutter something about how things went differently in books.
Michelangelo was still staring at the floor and when it became clear
that he wasn't wasn't going to say anything more the young-man
straightened himself up again.

"I'm sorry, I'm not really good at these sort of things, quite the
opposite," he waved a hand nervously. "I found you half-drowned and
passed-out, as it were, near the river. That was," he counted out on his
fingers and held his fingers up, "three days ago. You were barely
breathing and only half pulled out of the river, I thought maybe you got
roughed up and taken for dead by some thieves. It's not the first time a
dead man washed up from upriver, maybe the first time that one woke from
the dead though." He forced a laugh that abruptly cut-off.

Michelangelo just gave a confused look. He couldn't remember ever being
near a river in his life, especially not one that was near a place
called Thalme. He glanced through the window a thicket of tall trees
without a sign of urban development. The thought of being in the middle
of a forest with a crazy person crossed his mind, and somehow it didn't
make him any more comfortable. At any rate, he didn't feel it'd be wise
to let on that he had never heard of Thalme, or ever even seen a river.
If this person was telling the truth, then... "You found me and helped
me back here?" For the first time he looked at the tub of water and the
rags, *God, he was nursing me back from whatever it was that happened,
he can't be bad.* "Thank you."

There was a flush of red on the pale man's cheeks. "It was," he stopped.
*I couldn't very-well tell him that possibly saving his life was
nothing.* Quickly, with a flourish of his hand the young-man gave a deep
bow. "My name is Beau Hart; scholar, magician, entertainer, and humbly
at your service." He rose without falter and with a wide smile on his
face, but the red on his cheeks was at least three shades brighter.

Michelangelo faked a smile, and told Beau his name. Then another thought
came to him, *a tub and some water, doesn't mean that he's telling the
truth.* His eyes opened wide, *or that he's not crazy, I'm so stupid,
there's no place called... I need to get out of here.* Michelangelo put
his hand up to cover his face, acting like his head was sore, which it
was. "While I appreciate it, I don't think I need all of that. Thank
you, though."

"Well, of course, and since you're awake I'll suppose that you want to
dress and clean yourself?" It was more of a statement than a question,
but Michelangelo nodded in response anyway. "Good, I'm sure you're
hungry, I'll make you a feast." With that Beau was out the door with his
steps quickly fading.

At the mention of food Michelangelo's stomach growled and he suddenly
felt like he hadn't eaten in a lifetime. *He had said that it was three
days.* "Three days," he said aloud, "What will my parents think?" He sat
thinking about the worry they must be feeling and even more about the
type of trouble he would be in once he was back. *If I make it back.*
His stomach growled again. "Enough of that!" he finally said and threw
off the covers to get dressed. What he was getting ready for he wasn't
quite sure, but he knew that it would be more than just breakfast.

[Previous: 1. Waking Up](/omnitia/waking-up)
