---
layout: post
title:  "1. Waking Up"
date:   2015-10-17
comments: false
categories: 'Omnitia'


---

It was deep into the summer with fall late coming. The air was hot and
damp. Outside only cicadas made a sound, but even they would stop once
the sun was higher in the sky, nothing wanted to move in the heat.
Still, a young man tossed, thrashing in the white sheets of an
unfamiliar bed and was just beginning to throw off the last remnants of
a deep sleep.

His head was filled with dreams of a white dress and the girl who wore
the garment. She spun and the thin fabric became almost translucent in
the orange rays of the sun, save for the orange and yellow embroidery
that was hemmed into the edges. When she stopped her brown hair
waterfalled over her shoulders, stray strands shining as they caught the
sun. She was looking into his eyes, and he was staring back. They both
blushed and she ran off, skipping farther away with each step.
Hypnotized he followed through empty city streets. He passed stores,
office buildings, a million places that he knew and could never remember
being empty, though they were now. There was only him and the girl who
playfully led him along. They came across a wide street, one that he
always remembered being crammed with people and cars but was now empty,
save for the two staring at each other. It was a girl he knew well, a
childhood friend. Michelangelo opened his mouth to speak, but the girl
flashed him a knowing smile and ran off across the street. He followed,
cautiously waiting for the green of the crosswalk before darting over to
the side of the road she ran to. But when he looked again, after
crossing, she was already back on the opposite side of the street and
beckoning him over. The cross-walk had already turned to red, so he
waited. Again she beckoned him, frantically this time. There was no
traffic, but it felt right to wait. It felt like he had waited a long
time, the sun was beginning to set, and the girl still waved for him to
come over. A thought passed over him and the answer to it flushed away
his hesitation. The girl was no longer waving him to follow, but instead
began to undo her dress on the empty cross-walk, a sharp look in her
eyes. There was nothing, it was just her. His head was empty and he
walked to her. The light was still red. She shot him a mischievous
smile, and he only paused in the street a second to smile back. Only a
second, but just before it passed a car turned the corner and barreled
down the road towards him.

The room he slept in was authentically rustic. The walls were made of
long slats of knotted wood, the only two features were the door and
shuttered window opposite of it. The room itself was bare. Beside the
bed there was a table, made from the same type of wood the walls were
and lopsided so that the candle that burnt on it spilled a pool of
yellowish wax onto its surface. On the opposite side of the bed was a
simple coat rack with crudely-shaped iron hooks messily placed on a wood
frame. It held a few clothes, a pair of jeans, a black t-shirt, green
flannel, a thick parka, and a black beanie. Each article was hung neatly
and separately. There was also a pair of blue polka-dotted boxers
hanging up on a hook lower than the rest. The bed itself, save for the
person laying in it, was plump and covered in layers of sheets that were
varying degrees of white. The room was almost cozy, but not to someone
who didn't expect to wake up in it.

Fighting at the feeling to wake, the olive-skinned boy grasped at the
sheets and the last remnants of his sleep until unfamiliarity crept up
on him and he shot up with a start. Then, with a sharp breath, he
immediately fell back from the pain that shot through his torso.
Something else unexpected.

With a groan Michelangelo pulled off the covers and looked down at
himself, being careful not to move too much while he did. He let out
another quick gasp with what he saw. Every inch that he could see was
covered in shades of yellow, black, and purple. Only some of the thin
skin on his hands and fingers seemed to be free of bruising, but he
didn't notice the discrepancy. He could only wonder how he was alive.
Every part of him was bleeding from the inside, he shuddered. Something
about bruises always seemed to make him uneasy.

Michelangelo's attention instantly snapped to the surrounding room and
the few things in it. *Where am I,* the thought repeated itself several
times in his head as it took in every part of the room that was in view,
even the layers rough-spun sheets that were no longer covering him. None
of it felt manufactured that he could tell, he couldn't spot the
slightest hint of a modern appliance. *Great, kidnapped by the Amish.*
Even still there was something odd about the place that he couldn't
quite put a finger on. Something beyond the fact that he was in an old
wooden room that he had never seen before. It was a far cry from the
plaster and carpeted apartments that he was used to, but that wasn't it.
The only thing he did recognize were his own clothes hanging on the
rack. He was also starting to become aware of a dull pain, like his skin
was being pricked with pins and needles. *Probably just the blood-loss.*
Which was also probably why he didn't notice the door to the room creak
open, nor the young man who opened it.

<div class="clear-fix">
    <a href="/omnitia/the-young-man" class="pv-  float-right">
        Next: 2. The Young Man
    </a>
</div>
